Move Benchmark diagram to concepts (#9737)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/user-guide/concepts.md

Before using OpenSearch Benchmark, familiarize yourself with the following concepts.

> The following diagram visualizes how OpenSearch Benchmark works when run against a local host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram illustrates how OpenSearch Benchmark operates when running against a local host.
```
